This is where everyone puts their stuff for the first assignment.

Team Name:

Cosc Team

Personal descriptions come after here:

James Cross 1350026
Jamesdcross@gmail.com
Java Programming Experience
Experience writing reports
Managerial skills
Organisational skills
Presentational skills
Limited experience with JavaScript,CSS
No experience with SVG,The Canvas Element,HTML 5

Callum Tanner 2506432
tannercallum020@gmail.com
Previous experience with HTML5, CSS, Java.
No experience with HTML5's Canvas element, JavaScript, or SVG.
Personally well organised with good communication skills and written English. Experience working in small teams in a professional environment.
Limited creative ability.
-"I'm good at solving problems. I'm bad at coming up with new creative directions."

Hussain Almarhoon  344651
silver-moon1412@hotmail.com
I have done Python, Java, C, netBeans and I used a little bit of JavaScript in a project throuth the corse.
English is my second language so any part with the language i will stay away from it.


Youssef Alghamdi  7266339
yo_max.alghamdi@hotmail.com
I have experience with C, CSS, NetBeans and a little with JavaScript.
Not good enough at writting reports as my English is a second language.
Good at managing stuff.
Brief description of the application and how the work will be partitioned between the emulator and application:

Justification for using GitHub (Callum):
For our version control system, we decided to use GitHub. The main reasoning here was that some of us already had experience with
GitHub, which makes teaching the other members a lot easier than everyone on the team trying to learn a new system. GitHub
also offers a series of features that make it a good choice version control system for this project, including the ability to
control which collaborators can access the repositiory, the ability for users to edit the files from anywhere, automatic
changelog creation and the fact that it is widely used in industry, meaning that learning it now puts us at an advantage for
when we move into employment.

Repsoitory URL: https://github.com/CTanner020/COSC345.git

Why we chose to use Dart for our JavaScript (Hussein):

Nowadays there are a multitude of languages for JavaScript development. After a bit
of searching, we decided to choose Dart over other languages because our group is
confortable with it for the benefits it has in our case.

If we are starting a new web app, considering Dart suitable choice for our
application.  It’s a very clean, modern language with extensive libraries out-of-the
box.  However, our application must also run on smart-watch browsers, and
interface properly with our native code.  If we later find out that Dart code doesn’t
run properly or fast enough on the devices, we may be at a dead end.  This is a risk
we don’t want to take.

Dart is a broadly useful programming language that is implied for front-end Web
development, but can also be used to make numerous different sorts of applications.
It compiles directly to JavaScript, so it can be used across all browsers and arguably,
it fixes a lot of the problems that JavaScript has.



Why we chose to use Eclipse for our Editor (James):

It was originally decided to use Eclipse as our JavaScript IDE however on further investigation into Reddit forums and review 
sites, no one seems to recommend Eclipse for JavaScript. It's many faults include incorrect code diagnostics and a lack of code 
folding with very slow startup. I then looked into Webstorm as an alternative, which I think we should try as it is recommended
highly. However it does seem like it might have a steep learning curve. Netbeans may be the best option for us at this time as 
some of us already have experience with it.

Why we chose to use FireBug for our debugging (Yousef):

The debugging tool that we aim to use for our debugging is Firebug.
Firebug integrates with Firefox to put a wealth of web development tools at your fingertips while you brrowse.
The reason we chose Firebug is because it allows us to edit, debug, and monitor CSS, HTML and JavaScript live in any web page.
Also and more importantly it quickly finds the errors when things go wrong and immediately gives you detailed and useful information about 
the errors in JavaScript, CSS, and XML. In addition, Firebug has a better and cleaner interface for editing HTML and CSS over Chrome.

Estimate of project pieces and timetable. This includes training times(Yousef):

Our App Idea:
We are going to build a Calendar/Timetable application - one that works with an alarm for scheduling events.
This will allow for scheduling events into the calendar on a time and day, with options for a description and an alarm.
From there, it will have several display options: 
1- A day display detailing just a single day in one go.
2- An hourly display may also be useful—with the option to move to the day on either side.
3- A week display that displays the week of days side-by-side.
4- A month display, to check which days currently have scheduled events or to select a new day to enter times into.
We intend for this to be an easy to use all purpose app for any kind of calendar related usage, be it your university timetable, pill taking times, work schedule, one-off events etc.
What parts the Emulator and Application will do:

Emulator:

Provide current Time and Date
Physical alerts, noises etc.
Touch screen (mouse click)
Running the app

Application:

Input data
Alarm activation
Input interface
Visual layout of app


Desciption of the calendar app prototype (James):

Features

Achievable
•	Display accurate date, days and months of the year (leap years etc.)
•	Display Local/World Events
•	Adjustable colours of calendar display
•	Adjustable alert sounds
•	Event creation, make appointments
•	Repeating appointments
•	Display address of appointment/event location
•	Priorities for events/appointments
•	Connection to phone?—this is something we didn’t really discuss that is important

Extra Features (may not be achievable)
•	App predictively inserts appointments/events based on past appointments/events
•	Import Facebook and Email Contacts –to what? –why do you need contacts in a calendar?
•	GPS – tells you where your appointment/event is via Google Maps, tells you if you’re 
  running late and how long it will take to get there. 
  
Functionality
The screen size of a smart watch is about 38mm meaning there is not much room, we have opted 
for a bottom up approach. If we start by looking at the day it would just contain active 
events/appointments (not every hour of the day) which should fit on one screen ideally. 
If the day is filled with appointments the view would be scrollable up and down to accommodate every appointment. 
To enter an appointment, the same scrollable approach would be used with a more detailed display of each hour block
in the day that you can tap on to enter an appointment. A small back button is the main navigation tool of our calendar app.
Navigating from the day display (which is likely the most commonly used display) we tap the back button to go to week
display which displays days instead of hours then months which displays weeks instead of days and so on.


